Frontend Developer - Benefits including 25% - 50% bonus scheme paid annually, progression scheme and much more…

The Role

Looking for… CSS/UI developer with an intricate understanding of how complex responsive designs are brought to life through clean, elegant and maintainable CSS/HTML. The ideal person will have an obsession about pixels and layouts and will consider the user experience at all times. We’re after someone who knows what specificity and cascade mean and how to control them. Someone who aims for perfection with their layouts across all devices and screens. Must have an understanding of how to consume JSON via RESTful API’s. We work in Nuxt (Vue.js) so an understanding of any of the vue/angluar/react frameworks will be required. We are looking for a self motivated person who can manage and plan their own time efficiently whilst also being an effective communicator and are able to respond agilely to requests from the business. We’re after passionate people who love to learn and share in a dynamic friendly environment where hard work and teamwork come together to create class leading automotive websites.


The Company

An industry leading software house focused on customer engagement and relationships delivering large scale projects for a multitude of clients across retail, technology, automotive and more. With financial backing already confirmed, and an ambitious growth plan for the business to double this year, and investment already made into a brand new state of the art tech hub in Central Manchester - This rare opportunity gives you the opportunity to be a part of something exciting and grow alongside the business.

Benefits include:

·         Flexible working hours

·         Unbeatable bonus scheme paid at 25-50% bonus

·         Progression and development plan




1. Can you tell me about a project that was successful and how you accomplished
it as a team?

2. By what criteria will you select the person for this job?

3. What’s the makeup of the team as far as experience? Am I
going to be a mentor, or will I be mentored?

4. What specific skills from the person you hire would make your
life easier?

5. What’s the most important thing I can do to help within the
first 90 days of my employment?

6. I am very interested in this position, Do you have any concerns
about me fulfilling the responsibilities of this position?

7. End with 
From all I can see, I’d really like to work here, and I believe I can add
considerable value to the company.What’s the next step in the selection
process?